DEVX-1161: Create cp-all-in-one-community (#306)
confluentinc/examples: cp-all-in-one-community/README.md

![image](../images/confluent-logo-300-2.png)

# Overview

> This [docker-compose.yml](docker-compose.yml) launches just the community services in Confluent Platform and runs them in containers in your local host, enabling you to build your own development environments (see [cp-all-in-one](../cp-all-in-one/docker-compose.yml) for launching all services in Confluent Platform).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This [docker-compose.yml](docker-compose.yml) launches only the community services in Confluent Platform and runs them in containers in your local host, enabling you to build your own development environments (see [cp-all-in-one](../cp-all-in-one/docker-compose.yml) for launching all services in Confluent Platform).
```

For an example of how to use this Docker setup, refer to the [Confluent Platform quickstart](https://docs.confluent.io/current/quickstart/index.html)

# Additional Examples

> For additional examples that showcase streaming applications within an event streaming platform, please refer to [these demos](https://github.com/confluentinc/examples).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For additional examples that showcase streaming applications within an event streaming platform, see [these demos](https://github.com/confluentinc/examples).
```
